No, no.
No.
green
Ah!
Yes I actually
actually
Don't be afraid, I'm here.
Yeah!
Hahahaha
Yeah, good news, good news.
He Group went bankrupt
Bastard He always eats, drinks, bets, evades taxes and successfully evades taxes
I owe 350 million.
Interrupted by enemies
Sent to prison
Hahaha, the whole world celebrates the whole world celebrates
Hahahaha
You continue
I didn't see anything.
He's out of his mind, don't worry about it.
Review Qingqing
Good job you did
You get married
Make a fool of Mr. He
Come back quickly
Various apologies
Otherwise, I wouldn't have you as my daughter
What right do you have to teach me a lesson?
Sold me for 5 million
I don't care for a father and son like you
My gun wings are hard, aren't they?
Do you believe it or not?
I will cut off your grandmother's medical bills now
Mrs. Guo
What else would you do besides threaten me with grandma?
I'm Gujini's husband
I will be responsible for everything from now on.
Take care of your family
Give light